README.md, before:

### Academic Design and Communication
This repository fulfills the Analyzing Codebase task for the course Academic Design and Communication. The exercise focused on practicing core research and development workflows, emphasizing code comprehension, professional documentation, and Git version control. The task involved thoroughly analyzing and executing the underlying code, which generates various Plotly visualizations. Concise documentation (comments) was added throughout the code to clearly explain critical steps, parameters, and logical blocks.

# Data Visualizations

Data Visualization is the presentation of data in graphical format. It helps people understand the significance of data by summarizing and presenting huge amount of data in a simple and easy-to-understand format and helps communicate information clearly and effectively.

# Setup Instructions
For the project to run correctly, we require the necessary dependencies to be installed. These are listed in the `requirements.txt` file.

You can install all required packages using the following command:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Outputs

## 1. Bar Chart
[![Revised-Bar-Chart.png](https://i.postimg.cc/YSQWnMDv/Revised-Bar-Chart.png)](https://postimg.cc/f3TyknNs)

## 2. Bubble Chart
[![Bubble-Chart.png](https://i.postimg.cc/6QLg17g4/Bubble-Chart.png)](https://postimg.cc/2qy015zC)

## 3. Heat Map
[![HeatMap.png](https://i.postimg.cc/pLVsX06r/HeatMap.png)](https://postimg.cc/yk5mLTBC)

## 4. Histogram Plot
[![Histogram.png](https://i.postimg.cc/BQpCyTn0/Histogram.png)](https://postimg.cc/2VqvLBWc)

## 5. Line Chart
[![Line-Chart.png](https://i.postimg.cc/2SPLXyhY/Line-Chart.png)](https://postimg.cc/RWL0WMgp)

## 6. Pie Chart
[![Revised-Pie-Chart.png](https://i.postimg.cc/kXwwsF60/Revised-Pie-Chart.png)](https://postimg.cc/crgQ43ch)

## 7. Scatter Plot
[![Scatter-Plot.png](https://i.postimg.cc/Pqjrww1C/Scatter-Plot.png)](https://postimg.cc/0zVsgrWv)

# Author
[Elita Menezes](https://github.com/ELITA04/) 

## 8. Contour Plot
[![contourplot.png](https://i.postimg.cc/DyCHL12x/contourplot.png)](https://postimg.cc/1fqvZnVF)

## 9. Ternary Plot 
[![ternaryplot.png](https://i.postimg.cc/Xv5zRh9P/ternaryplot.png)](https://postimg.cc/8F14WZKd)
## 10. Waterfall Chart 
[![Water-Fall.png](https://i.postimg.cc/KvspRFNV/Water-Fall.png)](https://postimg.cc/TpgJ4zBq)
## 11. Funnel Chart
[![Funnel-Chart.png](https://i.postimg.cc/503n1Mys/Funnel-Chart.png)](https://postimg.cc/YGv1fZ1F)


# Author
[Divya Rao](https://github.com/dsrao711/)

Commit message:

Update README with original repository link
Added link to the original repository for reference.

README.md, after:

### Academic Design and Communication
This repository fulfills the Analyzing Codebase task for the course Academic Design and Communication. The exercise focused on practicing core research and development workflows, emphasizing code comprehension, professional documentation, and Git version control. The original repository can be found [here](https://github.com/avinashkranjan/Amazing-Python-Scripts/tree/main/Data-Visualization). The task involved thoroughly analyzing and executing the underlying code, which generates various Plotly visualizations. Concise documentation (comments) was added throughout the code to clearly explain critical steps, parameters, and logical blocks.

# Data Visualizations

Data Visualization is the presentation of data in graphical format. It helps people understand the significance of data by summarizing and presenting huge amount of data in a simple and easy-to-understand format and helps communicate information clearly and effectively.

# Setup Instructions
For the project to run correctly, we require the necessary dependencies to be installed. These are listed in the `requirements.txt` file.

You can install all required packages using the following command:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Outputs

## 1. Bar Chart
[![Revised-Bar-Chart.png](https://i.postimg.cc/YSQWnMDv/Revised-Bar-Chart.png)](https://postimg.cc/f3TyknNs)

## 2. Bubble Chart
[![Bubble-Chart.png](https://i.postimg.cc/6QLg17g4/Bubble-Chart.png)](https://postimg.cc/2qy015zC)

## 3. Heat Map
[![HeatMap.png](https://i.postimg.cc/pLVsX06r/HeatMap.png)](https://postimg.cc/yk5mLTBC)

## 4. Histogram Plot
[![Histogram.png](https://i.postimg.cc/BQpCyTn0/Histogram.png)](https://postimg.cc/2VqvLBWc)

## 5. Line Chart
[![Line-Chart.png](https://i.postimg.cc/2SPLXyhY/Line-Chart.png)](https://postimg.cc/RWL0WMgp)

## 6. Pie Chart
[![Revised-Pie-Chart.png](https://i.postimg.cc/kXwwsF60/Revised-Pie-Chart.png)](https://postimg.cc/crgQ43ch)

## 7. Scatter Plot
[![Scatter-Plot.png](https://i.postimg.cc/Pqjrww1C/Scatter-Plot.png)](https://postimg.cc/0zVsgrWv)

# Author
[Elita Menezes](https://github.com/ELITA04/) 

## 8. Contour Plot
[![contourplot.png](https://i.postimg.cc/DyCHL12x/contourplot.png)](https://postimg.cc/1fqvZnVF)

## 9. Ternary Plot 
[![ternaryplot.png](https://i.postimg.cc/Xv5zRh9P/ternaryplot.png)](https://postimg.cc/8F14WZKd)
## 10. Waterfall Chart 
[![Water-Fall.png](https://i.postimg.cc/KvspRFNV/Water-Fall.png)](https://postimg.cc/TpgJ4zBq)
## 11. Funnel Chart
[![Funnel-Chart.png](https://i.postimg.cc/503n1Mys/Funnel-Chart.png)](https://postimg.cc/YGv1fZ1F)


# Author
[Divya Rao](https://github.com/dsrao711/)
